# developer-progress
This is a repository to track my abilities and progress in solving data structure and algorithm tests as well as other important questions in web development and data science. 

## Intentions
I intend for this repository to hold data about my progress in software development and be a project that demonstrates my understanding of data science, and data visualization. It will be integrated into my portfolio project in the future but as of now I only intended it to be a practical project to begin using software like juypter notebooks and to get back into using python. 
## Programming with Purpose
I have a strong belief that instead of creating a cookie cutter project that does not solve any of my personal problems to instead make practical software that makes my life much easier. For that reason I think this is a great way to program with a purpose in mind it also keeps my head in the game and keeps me focused. I believe it will also all me to help others in the future!
## Mentors are dead, long live mentors!
I no longer have the same support network that I used to have nor a hard set deadline for the projects that I am currently pursuing. However, I think a three- four week period per project is a good timeline for trying to get the projects I start completed. This means intrinsic motivation has to be kept high. I have to understand look for mentors more directly and reach out to real people as much as I can as I run into issues. Communities are important and I can not seal myself off. I have to prepare to phrase a question properly, I have to check documentation, and I have to rubber ducky a lot. I should also never forget the peers that I have and understand that there are many, many people struggling with the same problems that I have. Breaking up my tasks with workouts, walks, piano and juggling is important for my mental health and improvement. Don't forget to be in constant contact with my family to communicate where I am. They have their own problems so its understandable they do not always remember what mine are.
## DATA DATA DATA
Before doing data analysis I must learn some of the basics about data engineering and data collection. Create user stories for my data. What sort of data am I collecting? Why am I collecting the data and in what environments? There are probably many more questions about data collection I could add but I will look for resources and methods that can help me gather useful information for these projects.
